hi Linda Bowman here from stamping with
Linda calm your cardiologist since 1997
helping you create cards from the heart
today is my wild moment on video and i'm
going to show you two wows exactly 3
Wow's with this card on so let's get
started what I am using is the butterfly
basic I'm stamp set and it has this
straight stamp in it but look how I
curved it I have done this technique on
another card at Christmas time but I
wanted to show it um to you again and so
what I have done as I've taken i'm using
my photopolymer on stamp which is very
flexible and i'm just going to take it
and lay it on my card to decide what
type of arch i want so let's just lay
that down I think that looks pretty good
then I'm just going to lay my clear
block on top always easier when you're
doing this without a camera on so there
we go got my arch going to bring in my
baked brown sugar and just stamp that
looks like i need a grit paper under the
it nice there so i'm going to bring in
that paper piercing mat again because
this is photopolymer i find that on
stamping on a paper piercing that works
the best and so i just did that arch at
the top and at the bottom of my card the
next thing i want to show you is that
fern in this set so i'm going to grab
that fern again this stuff is sticky
sticky so works very well on your blocks
so i'm going to place that on my block
going back into that baked brown show
stamping it the fern this way now if
you've noticed on my card I have a fern
going this way and a friend going that
way this stamp set only has the fern
going this way so what I'm going to do
is a reverse stamping technique I'm
going to ink that fern I've brought in a
piece of wax paper I'm going to stamp on
that wax paper and then turn it over
like so to get a mirrored image I'm just
going to rub oops guess I should be
bringing that more into the camera I'm
going to rub that wax paper the ink is
laid on top now this should turn out
just a hair lighter which it did because
technically I stamped off but again it
gives me that mirrored image for the
fern what I have done then if I
continued stamping with some different
on the little flowers in that set I cut
out the flaw or the butterfly and used
the gold glimmer to put the butterfly
yet so the butterfly that I cut out was
left over so then what I did I had
already stamped it I took that stamped
butterfly from the inside of this card
and put it on the top of this card so
using on that butterfly again so there's
some while moments for today hope you've
learned some new lessons talk to you
real soon bye bye